One of the benefits you get working with
yarn workspaces is the ability to zoom in
and focus on a particular
sub part of your project.
So if we look at our node modules folder,
we have probably,
well over 1,000 different things in here.
You can see PostCSS,
all this PostCSS stuff
that's specific to the chat app itself,
right?
We've got Redux in here for some reason,
some transitive dependency somehow,
tons and tons and tons of stuff here.
So, and I think the PostCSS stuff is
a good thing for us to keep our eye on.
What we can do is run
the following command.
I'm gonna go to the root of
the project and run yarn workspaces,
Focus chat-stdlib.
And what we're actually seeing,
you see how we're going to the use,
it's everything's scrolled up.
We're seeing a lot of stuff getting
removed from our node modules folder.
And if we keep going up,
there's no PostCSS stuff in here.
So what's happened is we have
stripped down our dependencies.
So we only have in this folder now,
things that are needed in
order to run chat stdlib.
So, if you did a git sparse checkout
to minimize the code you had to
checkout from git, and
then you ran yarn workspaces focus.
You get pretty close to the small project
feel where you can kind of run into,
if we go into packages/chat stdlib,
We could run yarn build.
Everything will work fine, right?
Everything that's needed for this part
of the project is fine, yarn lint.
There's es lint running.
Now if we were to go out to chat and
run yarn lint,
couldn't find a script named es lint.
So it's not really wired up.
This chat project is not wired up,
but the smaller one is.
So when you're working on a large scale
with team and you decide to approach.
You decide to take this modular
architecture approach where we're
not necessarily shipping a bunch of
libraries here, but we can say here
are modular pieces of code like maybe
this is the admin section of our app and
this is our data layer and
this is our UI tool, our UI component kit.
Fix it up however it makes sense to you.
But this lets you kind of, if you're gonna
operate in one part of the project, zoom
in on that, get your updated dependencies
just for that one piece of the project.
You can build, you can test, do whatever
you gotta do, open your pull request, and
you don't have to pay the cost
of the fact that there are a lot
of things going on in this rebuilt with
many, many different dependencies.
One more thing.
If we want to zoom back out and see
the whole project again, just run yarn.
Now we're gonna watch this get enormous.
So see how we're going backwards
in the alphabet up to the Js,
up to the Is, the Gs, or
into the Es and the Ds.
This is just this file is getting longer,
and longer, and longer, and longer.
We heard from halfway through
the alphabet and now we're at the Cs.
That isn't a scroll position with
all this other stuff below it.
So big difference.